agile-docs-update (#22799)
opf/openproject: docs/user-guide/projects/project-settings/backlogs-settings/README.md

## Sharing sprints

Sharing is a **project-level setting** that allows you to choose whether sprints should be shared across projects or not.

> [!NOTE]
> This is not a sprint-level setting as is currently the case with versions.

> Sharing sprints allows teams working across multiple projects to plan and track work in a coordinated way. Instead of managing separate, disconnected sprints in each project, you can define sprints once and reuse them across projects. This is especially useful for cross-team Scrum setups, scaled agile environments, or when multiple teams contribute to the same increment.

Author: ```suggestion
Sharing sprints allows teams working across multiple projects to plan and track work in a coordinated way. Instead of managing separate, disconnected sprints in each project, you can define a sprint once and reuse it across projects. This is especially useful for cross-team Scrum setups, scaled agile environments, or when multiple teams contribute to the same increment.
```
